Yufan, your revenge has been avenged
Nothing planned today
I've lived most of my life in the primeval realm
Missed too many risks
I'm going to travel the world first
After visiting the world?
I will try to ascend
Impact the saint realm
I'll go with you.
It just so happens that I also want to see the scenery of the world
Governor Qin
You are not just a soldier
Still a loyal and filial ancestor
Loyal and filial people need you to take revenge
How can you follow me and show up?
You should be honest and treat the filial piety
I'm more laid-back
I will accompany you to travel the world.
Shen Qianyang, why don't you stay at home?
Come out and join in the fun
Qin Jing, what I want to do is none of your business
Do I still have to report to you?
Extraordinary things in the past are that I misunderstood you too much
Can you give me another try?
opportunity
Shen Qianyao
Didn't you say that you would only be friends with Feifan?
How can you go back on your word?
What do you care what I do?
Bevan
Can you give me another chance to pursue it again?
Bevan, you can't promise him
We are the significant other
Jingjing, don't rob me
Extraordinary, don't rob me
Extraordinary is mine
What is yours, you let go
You let go that's me in this situation
How should you choose?